microsoft-atp add arrays support (#17315)
demisto/content: Packs/MicrosoftDefenderAdvancedThreatProtection/ReleaseNotes/1_4_0.md

#### Integrations
##### Microsoft Defender for Endpoint
- Added new commands:
    - ***microsoft-atp-list-machines-by-vulnerability***.
    - ***endpoint***.
    - ***microsoft-atp-get-file-info***.
    - ***microsoft-atp-indicator-batch-update***.
    - ***microsoft-atp-get-alert-by-id***.

> - Updated the following commands to get comma separated args:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated the following commands to support a comma separated list as an argument:
```

  - In command **microsoft-atp-isolate-machine** now the argument *machine_id* can be a comma separated list.

>   - In command **microsoft-atp-unisolate-machine** now the argument *machine_id* can be a comma separated list.

Reviewer: Please perform the same change on other suitable locations
```suggestion
  - In the **microsoft-atp-unisolate-machine** command the *machine_id* argument can now be a comma separated list.
```
